Update Harvester v1.0 install configs (#98)
harvester/docs: docs/index.md

1. Mount the Harvester ISO disk and boot the server by selecting the `Harvester Installer`.
   ![iso-install.png](./install/assets/iso-install.png)
1. Choose the installation mode by either creating a new Harvester cluster or by joining an existing one.
1. Choose the installation device to which the Harvester cluster will be formatted
     - Note: you will be promoted to select the [MBR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Master_boot_record) disk partition when install via the BIOS method, otherwise [GPT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GUID_Partition_Table) will be used by default.
   ![iso-install-disk.png](./install/assets/iso-install-disk.png)
1. Configure the hostname and select the network interface for the management network. By default, Harvester will create a bond NIC named `harvester-mgmt`, and the IP address can either be configured via DHCP or by static method.
   ![iso-installed.png](./install/assets/iso-nic-config.gif)
1. Optional: Configure the DNS servers; use commas as delimiters.

> 1. Configure the `Virtual IP` which you can use to access the cluster or join other nodes to the cluster <small>(Note: You will need to config static MAC-to-IP address mapping on your DHCP server to persist the Virtual IP accordingly)</small>.

Reviewer: s/config/configure/ , also check other places

> 1. Configure the `Virtual IP` which you can use to access the cluster or join other nodes to the cluster <small>(Note: You will need to configure static MAC-to-IP address mapping on your DHCP server to persist the Virtual IP accordingly)</small>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Configure the `Virtual IP` which you can use to access the cluster or join other nodes to the cluster <small>(Note: If your IP address is configured via DHCP, you will need to configure static MAC-to-IP address mapping on your DHCP server in order to have a persistant Virtual IP)</small>.
```

1. Configure the `cluster token`. This token will be used for adding other nodes to the cluster.
1. Configure the login password of the host. The default SSH user is `rancher`.
1. (Optional) Configure the NTP Servers of the node. This defaults to `0.suse.pool.ntp.org`.
1. (Optional) If you need to use an HTTP proxy to access the outside world, enter the proxy URL address here. Otherwise, leave this blank.
1. (Optional) You can choose to import SSH keys from a remote URL server. Your GitHub public keys can be used with `https://github.com/<username>.keys`.

> 1. (Optional) If you need to customize the host with a cloud-init config, enter the HTTP URL here.

Reviewer: `a cloud-init config` => `[Harvester configuration](./install/harvester-configuration.md)`
